♪ Hey, why is it happening ♪
♪ My heart is racing ♪
♪ The world has fallen silent ♪
♪ Hey, when I imagine you ♪
♪ What kind of look ♪
♪ Attracted me to you ♪
♪ Slowly, slowly, we fall in love ♪
♪ Slowly, slowly, I can't leave you ♪
♪ Slowly, slowly, I am with you ♪
♪ I love you ♪
♪ Slowly, slowly, we fall in love ♪
♪ Slowly, slowly, I can't leave you ♪
♪ Slowly, slowly, I am with you ♪
♪ I love you ♪
♪ Slowly, slowly, we fall in love ♪
♪ Slowly, slowly, I can't leave you ♪
♪ Slowly, slowly, I am with you ♪
♪ I love you ♪
♪ Slowly, slowly, we fall in love ♪
♪ Slowly, slowly, I can't leave you ♪
♪ Slowly, slowly, I am with you ♪
♪ I love you ♪
=Love Me, Love My Voice=
=Episode 26=
(You are not just Mo Qingcheng to me.)
Hello, I'm Guai,
from Zhaozhaomumu Music Studio.
I'm the club leader,
and that's my name online.
We'll perform "Peach-Blossom Springs"
composed and arranged by Shengshengman.
Zhaozhaomumu sounds familiar.
Golden Piglet is from that club.
Really?
I mentioned Shengshengman
because the rules said
that we should clarify the composer
and arranger of the song.
Don't worry.
We're not going to favor anybody.
We have members from many clubs.
It's a fair competition.
Yeah, take it easy.
I also chose Shengshengman's song.
She's productive. It's okay.
Yeah, let's get started.
This is not bad.
You know the song?
Of course.
- Look how proud you are.
- You're jealous?
I dare not.
- Thank you.
- Let me.
Hello, I'm the second contestant.
I don't belong to any club.
I'm Half a Bottle of Yogurt.
I'm also playing "Peach-Blossom Springs"
by Shengshengman.
Again, your song.
Excuse me, one suggestion.
They just performed this song
and we liked it.
Did you prepare another song?
This is my...
This is my first work online.
It means a lot to me.
Alright, we respect that.
Thank you.
(Proud of you.)
- You were amazing.
- Really?
See you around.
Mr. Mo.
- Mr. Mo.
I'm not a judge. Don't be nervous.
Since you're here,
let me treat you to some snacks.
What about us?
You have work to do.
Leave the things here.
- Thank you, Mr. Mo.
- Let's go.
- Bye.
- Go ahead.
Enjoy.
Here.
I found this place by chance.
They have nice food.
Sorry, we're fully booked.
Do you have a reservation?
Yes, for 2 PM. Mr. Mo.
Nice to see you, Mr. Mo.
Upstairs, please.
Thank you.
This way.
Hurry up.
- Mr. Mo.
- Alright.
Here.
Take a seat.
The afternoon tea is a set.
But we change the menu every day.
Please choose a tea.
I'll prepare the desserts.
- Okay, thank you.
- Thank you.
- When did you book it?
- Before you came.
How do you know we're coming?
I checked the contestants with Off Key.
Here, take a look.
Okay.
Which one is good?
It's our first time here.
Any recommendations?
I've only been here once.
Just pick whatever you like.
Okay.
What would you like?
This one, maybe.
(Chamomile Tea)
These look fine,
but I don't know if they're good.
It's okay. Go ahead.
I'll have them if you don't like them.
(Antique Garden Tea)
I'll take this.
- This one.
- Okay.
Okay.
Sorry about that.
Hello.
- So sweet.
- So jealous.
Alright, I got it.
Good news.
You rank first
among Group One.
Great!
It's on me.
Nobody favored you. It's totally fair.
Linglong picked your song and wanted
to discuss the arrangement with you.
You haven't picked an artist.
But someone thinks highly of you
and wants to meet you.
Do you have a minute?
Let's go back once Group Four finishes.
Of course, anytime.
Fine, but they can't snatch her from us.
Of course not. I belong to Zhaozhaomumu.
You'd better be.
- Yeah.
- Mr. Mo, you are back.
Guai, here they are.
Hello, I'm Beidou Xiaoxing.
I know, you must be Jianjian.
I've been following you for long.
Then be my accompaniment at the concert.
What are you talking about?
We said we'd let her choose.
It's a fair competition.
But the contest hasn't ended.
We can pick someone we want.
I'm picking you.
Me too.
- They're fighting for her.
Come on, Jianjian, you've been
taking my songs ever since our debut.
Now you're taking my accompaniment.
What? It's a fair competition.
We're girls. Girls help girls.
Come on, Wang Ke, Feishao.
Say something. How's that fair?
- We think...
- It's hard to say.
- It's not so ideal.
- What do you mean?
How about this?
Both of you sing for us now.
Let Guai decide
who she wants to work with.
- Sounds cool.
- Here we go.
- No problem.
- Go ahead.
- Sing for us.
- I'm going to sing.
- Yeah.
- Hurry up.
- I'm going to sing.
No need, I'm a big fan. I've listened
to their songs a million times.
- It's alright.
- He's ready.
- Live is different.
- Totally.
- Yeah.
Leader, what do I do?
Yeah, you're the club leader. Come on.
- Let go.
- Guai.
- We need to talk.
- Let go.
Don't run away.
You still have to sing.
May I talk to your girlfriend?
Another one gone.
- I listened to your new song.
- How about it?
I don't have suggestions, but...
Can I sing that
at the concert of traditional songs?
Really? That's my honor.
But I haven't come up with the lyrics.
I think we can try something
like four-character poems.
Four-character poems?
I got it. I know who I should talk to.
Sheng is such a nice girl.
She's talented and low-key.
Mr. Mo.
- Come on, let's eat.
- Come on, sit.
- Sit.
- Take a seat.
- Dig in.
There are many people today,
- so we ordered many dishes. Dig in.
- Alright.
Mr. Mo is working on the main dish.
- Take a bite.
- You like this too?
- Get up. Show some manners.
- What's wrong?
Let them sit.
- I didn't see them.
- Me neither. Sit.
- No need.
- Come on.
You're special. You're family.
Eat and drink whatever you want.
- Don't be shy.
- Thanks.
- Here we go.
- Wait.
- Here comes Golden Piglet.
- Thank you so much.
- Thank you.
- Come on.
- Help her.
- Fish. Mr. Mo makes perfect fish.
Try it.
Mr. Mo said there are two pots
of bamboo shoot soup later. Enjoy.
- Alright.
- Thank you, Mr. Mo.
- Bamboo shoot soup again?
- It's a famous dish.
- It's a meaningful dish.
- Yeah.
- What do you mean?
- There's a story?
Come on, tell us.
It brings us to the day they met.
That's enough, dig in.
- I didn't say anything.
- Nothing.
- Try it.
- Dig in.
Here, try it.
Have some bamboo.
You're the best chef.
Try it.
Let me get some bowls.
But I'm not sure if it's enough.
What's wrong?
You don't get it. It's a mood swing.
Mood swing?
As a fan of Qiang Qingci,
I have a reason to have mood swings.
When I see those senior dubbing actors,
I remember the days
when this circle was founded.
But you will step down from the stage.
And it gets me upset.
You're not just
Mo Qingcheng to me.
You're also Qiang Qingci.
I fell for Qiang Qingci
way earlier than I fell for you.
I think I need to
do something about that account.
- It smells amazing.
Sorry, bad timing.
I wanted to bring it to you.
Have some since you're here.
- Thank you.
- Here.
- I'll grab this one.
- Alright.
- Here.
I heard that your love story
started with this dish.
So we rushed here to taste it.
What would you like?
Bamboo shoot soup?
How does it taste? Is it to your liking?
It's very tasty.
- What's it called again?
- I forgot as well.
I'm having amnesia.
- What's it called?
- I don't remember.
Bamboo shoot soup.
- I'll remember it.
- Bamboo shoot soup.
But it's not the perfect season.
It's the best in winter.
- Winter.
They started dating in the winter.
- Got it. That's what it means.
- We interrupted them.
- How many instruments can you play?
- How do we sleep here?
Zhou Zheng,
have you checked the stadium?
I need to confirm the quantity
and location of the posters.
Yeah, I've checked it many times,
but it's hard to book
because it's the busy season.
But in the end,
I booked the place you like the most.
Rest assured. I'll tell them.
Hey, guys. Stop playing.
Are you staying here tonight?
If you're staying...
Feishao has a giant apartment.
Why do you have to stay here?
Help me put some quilts on the floor
if you're staying here. Hurry up.
- Let's go.
Why don't you come to my place?
There are plenty of rooms.
And we can play golf in the morning.
- Who plays golf?
- Let's do it.
- Get it up there.
- See?
- Nobody wants to visit except for me.
- Get lost.
Ladies, it's too crowded here.
Want to crash at my place?
No, thanks. I'm staying with my friend.
- Okay.
- No, thanks. It's not convenient.
My apartment is huge.
First, you're a guy.
Secondly, I need to record tomorrow.
I need a studio with instruments.
None are close to your place.
- Let's invite them.
- Yeah.
- I told you to move back to the city.
- Mind your own business.
Why don't you come to our studio?
There's space and we have instruments.
If I stay there,
will you be my accompaniment?
Come on, Jianjian. You did that again?
We said we'd let them think it over.
You're cheating here.
- Go and stay there.
- I...
I'm just seizing my chances.
Thank you in advance.
- No problem.
- Yeah.
- Let's go.
- Okay.
- Want a ride?
- You can't drive all of them.
I can drive you too.
Okay, pack up. We'll get the cars.
- Okay.
- See you.
- Let me help you.
- Okay, thanks.
- Bye.
I got two beds from a salon.
And we have the sofabed.
I think it's enough.
Eryue and I will share the sofabed.
You can sleep separately.
Is it too crowded?
- Never mind. I'm going back.
- No, don't go.
- We can talk like we're in college.
- Yeah.
Stay, Guai. I can tell that
Jianjian wants to know more about you.
I don't want you to be uncomfortable.
You've traveled a long way, after all.
We don't mind it.
We used to crash at our friend's place
when we were traveling for events.
I know. I watched your interviews.
I bought some toiletries
and toothbrushes.
- Thanks, Golden Piglet.
Right, Sheng. Stay with us.
Yeah, Sheng.
I didn't go to Yangshuo last time.
We finally met. Stay with us.
- But there's no space.
- Let's squeeze together.
Share the sofa bed with us.
Help us out.
Stay here. I'll come
and make breakfast tomorrow.
They keep saying that
they want to ask you for songs.
- Alright, I'll stay.
- Awesome. Yeah.
It's your club,
but I'm acting like the leader.
It's okay.
- Mr. Mo, I'll go back to Perfect Voice.
- Alright.
- Bye.
- Off Key, do you have a minute?
- What's wrong?
Linglong chose my song for the concert.
- Really? Congratulations.
- Wait, I'm not done.
I haven't written the lyrics.
Are you interested?
Me? Really? No problem.
I'll stay up all night for this.
Alright, I'll send you the sheet.
Do it now. I'm getting started.
What's the rush?
I'll send it to you later.
Alright, don't forget it. See you.
- Alright, bye.
- Bye, Mr. Mo.
Bye.
Alright, that's about it.
I'm heading home.
You can wait for the breakfast.
- Okay, see you.
- See you tomorrow.
I'll walk him out.
Let's go.
Don't take long, Sheng.
Jianjian really likes Guai.
Guai deserves it.
Who do you think she's going to choose?
Beidou Xiaoxing or Jianjian?
- I guess Jianjian.
- Me too.
Alright, get back. I'll be here at 7 AM.
Drive safe.
I'll text you when I'm home.
I'll wait for your message.
Get back.
- Drive safe.
- Okay.
I'm back.
- Sheng.
- What took you so long?
Would you like some water?
- Thanks, Golden Piglet.
- Thank you.
- Morning.
- Shush. They're still asleep.
- Okay.
- Let me.
- It's okay. Let me.
You slept on the sofa?
Yeah, they are guests.
Help me with breakfast.
- They were praising you in the chat.
- About what?
I heard you played
Peach-Blossom Springs yesterday.
They wanted to hear it.
They want you.
I told them even we couldn't get you
to The Perfect Voice Studio.
I'm a composer.
I can't do much at Perfect Voice.
You like this place
as much as I like Perfect Voice.
- Food is ready.
- Breakfast is ready.
Coming.
- Sit.
- Breakfast made by Qiang Qingci.
I've always been jealous of your staff.
Today is my day.
Yeah, we'll get stuffed.
Let me have some yogurt
to help with digestion.
I wonder when we'll have
such an honor next time.
- Dig in.
- I have an idea.
Join Zhaozhaomumu. Sheng belongs here.
Then you get to taste
these amazing dishes all the time.
Exactly.
- Want some chocolate cream?
- No, thanks.
- Do you always make fun of Mr. Qiang?
- He's used to it.
You know why?
He always ignores us
when we make fun of him.
Let me tell you.
That makes you want to tease him more.
You're rebellious.
- Mr. Qiang, don't you mind it?
- I don't mind their little tricks.
Thank you.
Right, have you decided?
Yeah, I'll be your accompaniment.
Perfect. I will treat you right.
- Sheng, I finished the lyrics.
- Really?
- Hey, guys.
- Sit.
- Morning.
Your song matches perfectly
with Qi Yu in The Book of Songs.
Behold by riverside,
green bamboos in high glee.
- Sounds nice.
It's perfect.
I always thought that
the melody was too slow for lyrics.
But the poem added soul to this song.
Really? That's the best reward
for a sleepless night.
You stayed up all night for this?
I was thrilled yesterday
and kept thinking about
how to write the lyrics.
- So I barely slept.
- Have some breakfast.
- Here's a sandwich from Mr. Qiang.
- Thank you, Mr. Mo.
Take a look.
It's so good.
Behold by riverside,
green bamboos in high glee.
Our duke is dignified,
like polished ivory.
- Who is it?
- Still asleep?
Who is it?
- It's you?
- Surprise.
We need people for the ticket pre-sale.
Come and help.
What did I tell you? And they need us?
Perfect timing.
- You just woke up?
- Yeah, I just opened my eyes.
You didn't bring anything?
Look who's here.
- Mu, Mo Bai.
- What's going on?
- Come on.
Xiaoxing.
- It's been so long.
- Give me a hug.
- Come on.
- It's been so long.
- You look great.
- Kacey.
- It's been so long.
- It's been years.
- Right?
- Yeah.
Only Qiang Qingci
has the charm to gather you here.
- What about Wang Ke?
- Are you looking for trouble?
- Yeah, let's eat.
- Come on.
- Let's eat.
- Come for breakfast.
Doudou.
♪ Behold by riverside ♪
♪ Bamboos so lush and green ♪
♪ Our duke is dignified ♪
♪ With gold-or tin-like sheen ♪
♪ With his scepter in hand ♪
♪ He is in gentle mood ♪
♪ By his chariot he'd stand ♪
♪ At jesting he is good ♪
- ♪But he is never rude ♪
- Pause it.
Have a rest and have some water.
Leader, the key is too high.
It's meant for Linglong. I can't.
- Want to try it?
- Me?
No way. I can't sing G minor.
I'm a mezzo-soprano.
What do we do?
We said we'd send her the demo.
Let's try with someone else.
Let me check with my friend.
I'll get the door.
- Mr. Mo, why brought you here?
- Look who's here.
- Come on in.
- Hello.
Miss Linglong?
Miss Linglong, what brought you here?
I asked Mr. Mo to take me here.
I can't wait to hear the demo.
Come on in. Take a seat.
- Sorry about the mess. We just moved.
- It looks sweet and fun here.
- Would you like to drink something?
- Hot water will do.
Sit.
- Mr. Mo, want to drink something?
- No, thanks.
I heard that you used
a poem as the lyrics.
That's his idea. Off Key. Lyric composer
of Zhaozhaomumu Music Studio.
He stayed up all night for it.
- I've seen you in Tianzi No. 1.
- I'm an employee at Perfect Voice.
I'm also a member of Zhaozhaomumu.
Will you show me the demo now?
Miss Linglong.
We wanted to record the demo
and send it to you.
You wanted to? Is there a problem?
The key is too high.
None of us can sing it.
So we're looking for help.
We may send it to you tomorrow.
Don't bother.
I'm right here.
You're recording the demo?
But we just set up this place.
- Everything's sloppy here.
- Yeah.
The soul of a song lies in
the lyrics and melody.
- Others don't matter.
- That's right.
Why don't we just record the song today?
You're doing it here?
I have some ideas to contribute.
I'd like to add a decorative tone
at the end of the first line
to add to the traditional vibe.
Something like "Behold by riverside".
- Just a little bit.
- Got it. Sounds good.
I have some ideas about the arrangement.
For example, I'd like to add
a Chinese bass drum to the chorus.
- It's going to sound majestic.
- Okay.
- Let's do it.
- Let me adjust the equipment for you.
- Okay.
Miss Linglong, here we go.
Okay.
♪ Behold by riverside,
bamboos with soft green shade ♪
Sounds amazing.
♪ Our duke is dignified,
when crowned with strings of jade ♪
♪ As bright as stars we find ♪
♪ With solemn gravity ♪
Amazing, Juemei.
Nice place.
We must present a perfect performance
to match this place found by Juemei.
This is great.
Imagine if we turn on all the lights.
Forget about the lights. They have
the best acoustic equipment in the city.
Right?
Perfect Voice deserves the best.
Have you got the floor plan?
- Mr. Mo.
- Mr. Qiang, I didn't know you'd come.
I have to see the place.
Floor plan.
Is it fine?
- Yeah.
- Right?
The lights.
It would be brilliant
for the stage effect.
- Let me record this.
- Of course.
- Zhou Zheng.
- Later...
- How's the accommodation going?
- Almost done.
Let's focus on the stage first, okay?
What are you waiting for?
Mu, Mo Bai, come up here.
- Stop taking photos.
- Stay further apart.
- Okay, wait. Where's Off Key?
- Off Key.
- Okay, let's finish your part.
- Okay.
Hurry up. Come on stage.
What are you looking at?
- Come on, Off Key.
- Coming.
Just climb up here. Come on.
- Only you can climb up. Be careful.
- Hurry, Mu.
- Don't put your backpack there.
- Hurry.
- Mo Bai.
- This is huge.
Come up from here.
- Off Key.
- Off Key. Come here.
- You're the main figure.
- How do you like it?
- Over there.
- Not bad.
- Go closer.
- Here.
Six people. Split up in half.
Slightly tilted.
Four to five meters apart.
- This place is better. Stay here.
- No problem. Better than his.
Go find the red cloth. What's next?
- What's next?
- General, no!
- Take over.
- Okay.
- I have things to do.
- Go over there. Try it.
What is the first line?
- Again. Hurry.
- Yeah.
- Again.
- That's his move.
- I have things to do.
- Go ahead. I got this.
We'll be in the center. Walk like this.
- How do we do this?
- Yeah.
- This way.
- And to the back.
- Yeah.
It's closer like this.
- Mu, how fast should you be?
- Run up stage.
- Three, two, one.
- Don't sit there.
Five seconds? Is it enough?
Time is really tight.
They're both very emotional here.
When you cue Zhao...
This place will be full of people
with all kinds of IDs.
They'll be strangers from
all walks of life and all ages.
It's like the Spring Festival
we're celebrating
with another type of family members.
We must do our best for our family.
You know?
- Nervous?
- A little bit.
What's Mr. Mo doing?
Okay. Let's go. Rehearse the next part.
- Okay.
- Don't be nervous.
- Get going.
- Let's rehearse it.
Get going.
(First People's Hospital)
Come in.
- Have some water.
- Thanks.
The stage design? Let me see.
It happens to be your song.
The green bamboo and river
in the background fit with the lyrics.
Take a look.
It's nice.
With some dry ice and a follow spot,
it's going to be atmospheric.
It's our first rehearsal. Will you come?
Juemei is the director. He'll be there.
I checked with Doudou.
I can attend the second rehearsal.
Then we'll go on stage at night.
Dr. Mo, someone is paging you.
Cardiac Surgery.
Go ahead.
Xiyou, take the singers' costumes
to the stadium tomorrow morning.
I'll wait for the suits
of the dubbing team.
Okay, no problem. I got this.
Doudou, these costumes are amazing.
They paid for these.
Now I'm entrusting them to you.
Rest assured,
I'll take good care of them.
Doudou, Xiyou, look what we've got.
- Hey.
- Look.
- Get off.
- What are these?
- Look.
- Good stuff. Port trotters.
So many? Do they fit in the freezer?
We'll cook them overnight
before the performance.
- Bring it to the kitchen.
- Slowly.
- Who bought this?
- The one who loves cooking.
- He's going to cook?
- He's been working overtime.
He said he wanted to do something
for everyone as the main producer.
Yin got so excited and said
that he should cook for all the staff.
Let's go.
- It's heavy.
- We'll get takeout and cook these.
It's going to take all night.
- It's not that heavy.
- Let me, Doudou.
- It's okay.
- You got this?
- Let me.
You're strong.
- It's nothing.
- Respect.
(Nice moonlight.)
I was worried you'd be late.
Yeah, I had to do surgery
and didn't have time to tell you.
- Got dry peppers?
- Over there.
How many?
- It's not enough. Is there more?
- So many?
- Wait for me. I'll get more.
- Okay.
- Are these enough?
- Yeah.
Close the cashier, lock up,
and come to the studio.
Mr. Mo, you're back.
- Good evening.
- Hello.
Hey, there.
- Everything ready?
- Yeah, all in the kitchen.
- I'm exhausted.
- I've never seen so many trotters.
It never crossed my mind
you'd do this before the performance.
Stop making fun of me.
Help me with the preparation.
Alright, Xiyou. Go ahead. I'll help him.
- Wake up. Go help.
- He was talking to you.
- I'm not going. You do it.
- We're busy.
- I got work.
- Me too.
Zhou Zheng, hurry up.
The singers have work.
- Look, Doudou is calling you.
- See?
- How many staff are there?
- 136.
If everyone gets two trotters,
that's 272.
Are they defrosted?
- Your Excellency, they are.
- I thought you won't help.
Wash out the blood
with the water and vinegar.
May I say no, Your Excellency?
Only if
you dare to.
I dare not.
- Fine.
- Am I doing fine?
- Should I pluck the hair?
- What do you think?
Here.
Wine.
It should be fine.
Here.
It's going to be a long night.
It smells nice but it's not ready.
Sheng, soybean paste.
Thank you.
It smells great.
- But I can't eat it.
- Raw garlic?
- It's nice.
- Don't talk to me.
Does it smell good?
Yes.
♪ Meteor flies to the edge of the sky ♪
♪ Crossing the horizon ♪
♪ The wind listens to all the wishes ♪
♪ Fluttering memories ♪
♪ Sunshine through the dancing leaves ♪
♪ Falls on the boy's shoulder ♪
♪ The journey of youth has no end ♪
♪ Year by year ♪
♪ Rain will pass by your window ♪
♪ Then run towards the sunny day ♪
♪ Dreams await at the start
of our encounter ♪
♪ Touching the fingertips ♪
♪ Longing for the world in your eyes ♪
♪ The unspoken understanding
reflects in our gaze ♪
♪ You smile ♪
♪ And get a little closer to me ♪
♪ I want to go with you ♪
♪ To a farther future ♪
♪ Dreams can reach the other shore ♪
♪ I really like you a lot ♪
♪ The first time I am brave ♪
♪ Looking up,
chasing the momentary fireworks ♪
♪ Falling in the midst of summer ♪
♪ Every moment of falling in love ♪
♪ It's you ♪
♪ Let's go to the future together ♪
♪ I really miss you ♪
♪ I want to go with you ♪
♪ To a farther future ♪
♪ Dreams can reach the other shore ♪
♪ I really like you a lot ♪
♪ The first time I am brave ♪
♪ Looking up,
chasing the momentary fireworks ♪
♪ Falling in the midst of summer ♪
♪ Every moment of falling in love ♪
♪ Let it blossom ♪